Add discussion of NAT behavior for EoSVR (#847)
128technology/docs: docs/concepts_EthOverSVR.md

```
If more addresses are involved, they are added to the existing service. All VxLAN traffic is sent over SVR with new fields in ebedded in the metadata. 

### Ethernet Over Secure Vector Routing across a NAT boundary

> Due to differences in the nature of EoSVR vs regular SVR, standard methods for stuck session detection and prevention may not function as well for EoSVR traffic. In scenarios where a spoke router needs to sit behind a NAT from the perspective of the hub it is recommended to have the NAT device set as a 1:1 NAT to the SSR as opposed to doing an NAPT.

Reviewer: Recommend changing "stuck session detection and prevention" to: [Session Recovery Detection](https://www.juniper.net/documentation/us/en/software/session-smart-router/docs/config_session_recovery/#session-recovery-detection).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Due to differences in the nature of EoSVR versus regular SVR, standard methods for [Session Recovery Detection](config_session_recovery.md#session-recovery-detection) and prevention may not function as well for EoSVR traffic. In scenarios where a spoke router needs to sit behind a NAT in relation to the hub, it is recommended to set the NAT device to 1:1 NAT to the SSR, rather than implementing NAPT.
```
